Now that we learned what sessions and cookies are and we had our dummy authentication flow in place, let's dive
into real authentication. This means that in this module, we'll add a functionality that allows users to
sign up, to sign in and we'll make sure that some resources can really only be accessed by users who
are signed in and that we're not just hiding the menu options but that we really lock down access,
I will also show you how to store passwords securely and so on.
So what exactly is inside of this module?
Well first of all, we'll have a look at what exactly authentication is, how it works in a node application
or in a web application in general because this is actually not limited to nodejs,
authentication would be implemented like this in a PHP app in the same way and in all the other languages
too. We'll have a look at how we can store and use the credentials,
so the email and password with which the user signed up and I will dive into protecting routes,
that is what I meant with locking down access to make sure that users are only able to access the routes
they need to access and that we don't just hide the menu options but that we really check the permissions
on the server side.